I'm coming to get you boy welcome guys
to episode 501 of Minecraft and i'm
using a fee better animations mod now
you may remember not too long ago i
reviewed a mod thats i included gasps
tentacles and made up little cubes like
this one and actually made the gas
tentacles look more cooler and made them
all aesthetically pleasing while this
modern army girl good reception and
amazing reception in the mud created
cited to create it for our most of the
animals in Minecraft so you can see this
nice little wolf has a nice little puffy
tail and I don't reckon the tail is the
wolf is the best one that shows off from
this mod but let's go inside and out all
these animals sort of switched up before
my intro and there you can see the iron
golem its nose twitches and come on
you're gonna twitch your nose for me
twitch it yes there we go you wiggling
waggly iron golem so here is the new and
improved spider you can see the legs
have an actual another ligament or joint
and there you can see that they actually
looked evil and spider like now you can
see that creepy crawlies and let's go
here let's see if a nice little cave
spider yes he does have the creepy
crawly legs as well now i spawned in a
cow and you can see when the cam moves
you can see that its natural teats move
as well which i'm not quite sure why
would you want to be looking over there
but yes i'm checking you out cow just
continue walking and that i can see a
tits jiggle around where check out there
you go show me your teats you know and
there we go now your yes now when the
pig oink's its actual nose moves so I
you can see that if the there we go got
one point but I do believe the cow was
pushing me along come on point again
oink for me be a good show no no don't
know I need whoa well creeper gassed
what are you doing new ecological
creeper all right oink for ain't for me
piggy no okay you're making this really
hard oink
link there we go so here is my nice
little test tificate and you can see
that it has the same sort of effect as
the iron golem or with the nose nose
twitching and here is the chicken with
it in Nice law there we go it's it's
lover mouth and you can see that its
head keeps popping in and out so I've
doing a bucket bucker walk around walk
around chicken inter yes wait oh you're
trying to push the test tificate in
you're doing walk around you know here
is the zombie animation and once the
zombie attacks you it actually moves its
hands and a you can see when it attacks
it actually moves its hands to hit you
whoa we're getting attacked by evil
squids yes you can see the tentacles
actually look like awesome scary squid
tentacles and i Swan a couple in here
and you can see that the tentacles are
quite scary and the teeth and the white
teeth and the red sort of that know what
kind of area of that squid is but it
looks even more scarier I leave my
firedome arena for one take and this
happens please explain you deserve that
cow so these were the kind of basic
animations while this one the Endermen
animation is also an extra because I use
some you can actually modify and take
out the regular wolf tails or add in or
take out the wobbly nipples from the cow
and sort of mix and match things and
this one is a nice little extra sort of
a weird and wacky one where the elaman
waves his hands around I reckon that
should be added in the real in the
actual full mod but as a cool nice
effect and if we unfreeze him he goes
over here and uh where why'd you take oh
yes you're scary dude yep you deserve
every single bit of that yeah I'm burned
to death now i write this mod and eight
out of 10 flips i really like what this
my Creator has actually done is actually
taking an awesome idea and implemented
and even made it more awesomer by
including it with other mobs and not
really well it doesn't drastically
change too much of the game but add
subtle changes that's a make that
minecraft aesthetically look even more
pleasing as that is that ein golem
Wiggles his nose around so I thank you
guys for watching don't forget to rate
comment and subscribe and
have a nice day